---
title: General Meeting HS24
description: |
  The Annual General Meeting of the CSSZ for the HS24 semester.
image: images/events/2023-05-25-general-meeting/meeting2.jpg
semesters: 2024-autumn

event_details:
  date_start: 2024-09-13T18:00:00
  date_end: 2024-09-13T19:00:00
  coordinator: radim.urban
  location:
    text: Online (registered members will get an invitation)
  registration:
    link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf4cSVzluHUELZy2cXoQJNROBzs9AqJAAFjoQyPVmFxeRMftw/viewform?usp=sf_link
    text: Google Form
---

The Annual General Meeting of the CSSZ for the HS24 semester will take place on **September 13, 2024**. We will be electing the new board and organizing team. If you want to participate, sign up [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf4cSVzluHUELZy2cXoQJNROBzs9AqJAAFjoQyPVmFxeRMftw/viewform?usp=sf_link). Shortly after, we will also publish the specific planned events for the next semester.

## Looking for new team members

If you’re interested in joining our team, we’d love to hear from you. We are looking for new team members to help us organize events and manage the association. We’re looking for new board members, event organisers, and volunteers. If you’re keen to help out, get in touch with us **by September 12**. On September 13, the AGM will take place, at which the new Board and organizational team for the year 2024/2025 will be elected.

Open positions include:

- Board members -- responsible for the overall management of the association (finances, semester planning, venue booking, recruiting new members, etc.)
- Event organisers -- responsible for planning and executing events (pub quizzes, bQm meetups, hikes, dinners, etc. -- your creativity is the limit)
- Volunteers -- forget about the responsibilities and just help us out at specific events

If you are interested in directly participating in the running of the association and being part of the Board / Organizing committee, please **apply by September 12th** using the mail link below. 

In case of any questions, contact us at info@cssz.ch!

{{< button link="mailto:info@cssz.ch?subject=Wanna%20join%20the%20team!&body=Hi%20CSSZ%2C%0D%0A%0D%0AI'm%20happy%20about%20what%20you%20do%20and%20would%20like%20to%20join%20the%20forces!%20%0D%0A%0D%0AName:...%20%0D%0AI%20study%20at:...%20%0D%0ASomething%20else%20about%20me:..." label="Get in touch" class="btn-dark btn-lg" >}}